feat: First draft for clisk contributor documentation (#282)
cozy/cozy.github.io: src/tutorials/CliSK/3 - Library documentation/3.1 - CliSK library (cozy-clisk).md

> The CliSK library is design specifically to facilitate communication between the content script (what's injected in the webview to navigate or manipulate ) and the launcher for CliSK konnectors. It provides essential tools for both sides of the interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CliSK library is designed specifically to facilitate communication between the content script (what's injected in the webview to navigate or manipulate the page ) and the launcher for CliSK konnectors. It provides essential tools for both sides of the interaction.
```

#### Installation

Nothing to do here, if you are starting your CliSK development with the `template_ccc`, everything is ready to go, simply ensure that you have ran `yarn` to install all needed dependencies for your project.

####  Module structure

##### Contentscript

> The role of this module runs inside the browser context, typically injected into the web pages. It provides utilities for :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role of this module is to run inside the browser context, typically injected into the web pages. It provides utilities for :
```

- interacting with the DOM (extracting or manipulating data)
- detecting when page is fully loaded

> - serialising data or errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- serializing data or errors
```
